When completing the assignment, Copilot was used to generate the code inside of each function. These functions were used to help clean and modify the given data. The prompts that I used were simple. I let copilot know what needed to be done and nothing more. I also utilized it for the debugging process. Copilot came in handy when I wasn''t sure what to do next, and it offered guidance for the next steps to take in my code.

Occasionally, when code was generated, it looked confusing and not like anything that I was familiar with. This was when the refresh button became very helpful. I would cycle through and refresh the generated code until something that I was much more familiar with would pop up. From there, I was then able to tweak code as needed. These changes were necessary to make because you must know how exactly your program works. Just because the code that you generate produces an output doesnt mean that its the most efficient or clean to use. Understanding your code also helps to prevent issues in the future.

Overall, I was able to learn that copilot is a very powerful tool. It's main strength lies in how it improves efficiency and allows for large amounts of code to be writted quickly. However, this code isn't always correct, or even if it is correct, it may not be the most efficient option. For example, as I was generating the clean_column_names function, it came up with a program that looked completely jumbled. As someone with a basic understanding of python, I was left exrtremely confused. Overall, I learned that copilot should be used mainly as a tool, and should not be overly relied on when coding.